okay so what we have here is a dell
inspiron 6000 and what happens with
these is they have your standard Foxconn
jack with that being said that's a round
then center pin configuration on this
jack
pretty common for dell machines even the
newer systems have them but what we're
looking at is this machine was brought
to us and it would not power on would
not charge the battery would not turn on
period no matter what you did we try to
check the battery the battery was still
good checked the jack for roaming it out
the jack was perfectly fine but what
we're finding as with many of these
machines it was a a typical situation
with your previous c6 hundreds and some
of the 51 50s and 50 111 50s
you would have stress fractures here now
this camera right here cannot get as
detailed a picture but I can tell you
under close observation with this loop
you're going to get stress fractures as
you can see the developer cron here
that's actual cracking of the board but
that doesn't seem to be the largest
issue largest issue with this is the
actual inductor here so these actually
acted as fuses so instead of putting
fuses like on the Toshiba's they put
inductors here for the power cores and
they actually acted as fuses very common
thing is that these inductors crack on
the board so we have a crack here
hairline fracture have to resolder that
and that happens due to the jack working
its way out so this jack is actually
if you have the board sitting here
facing forward a straight line can
actually see that the jack should have
been straight here
but it's crooked so what's happened is
it tilted this way and hit and flex the
inductor and caused issues so what we'll
do is test this jack here in a second
we'll show how you can test it make sure
everything is good with a continuity
tester and then we'll go from there
so now we have our continuity tester
hooked up you have to ground it to the
board so we have a grounded here we have
power coming in and we know it's good
because we can test the jack right there
and we get the light to turn on so if
the light turns on here we know that the
power is good across the board or at
least coming into the jack
now we can take this and try to hook it
up to say the one over here by the power
cycle and we get nothing we don't get a
single thing but we can try to test this
and we get it here but now this right
here because we're pushing down on it
we're actually getting its start here
but you don't get it past there nothing
so we know that the solder is what has
caused our actual failure because we can
place this at the bottom part of the
inductor where the separation is and we
get nothing but you can put it on the
top side see we just laid on top of the
inductor and roll it across we know that
it goes across the inductor so the
inductor is nothing more than a coil
that operates at certain frequency
yah-yah-yah - that's roundabout way of
saying that they can use this as a fuse
so we're having this light up as it goes
across the inductor
and we know that that's the bad part and
that's what we have tested and found so
now we're going to solder it and go from
there so now we have our board here and
I can't really tell but we soldered both
sides of that inductor back in and we
have it hooked up to power so let's just
see what happens so let's see if it
turns on got it powered on and we'll
push the tank up there goes those green
lights in this series one two three like
that turn it on they turn off but we got
green light over there we got a green
light on the board here just for test
purposes that means it works so we'll
say it's done so to fix that we just
hooked up that in inductor and fixed it
as precautionary measure we actually
soldered the jack back in and make sure
everything was good and we're good to go
we'll put this back together and call it
fixed